---
title: Filters
visible: true
---

In sellacious while creating a new Special Category a user have to fill the details in Basic Options,Badge Options and Style Options Fields.The Basic Options include the category type,fee recurrence days, subcription fee etc. The Badge Options include badge and border settings.The Style Optons include the border style and background color.

1. **IN BASIC INFORMATION SECTION FOLLOWING FIELDS ARE:**
<br><br>**Category Name**:  Enter the name of the special category. 
<br><br>**Alias**: This is for internal tracking of records.You can leave this empty if you don’t understand its importance.It will be automatically generated. It is generated by the system.
<br><br>**Status**: Select the status of this category.Any child category or any itm under this will be affected as applicable. You can select the status as:
<br><br>**Unpublished**: The user profile which are not published then it will be not be visible in the front end of the sellacious.
<br><br>**published**: The product which are  to be published then only it will be visible in the front end of the sellacious.
Archived:
<br><br>**Trashed**:  The product which are trashed yet not deleted. The trashed geolocations are temporarily deleted for sometime. 
<br><br>**Fee Recurrence Days**: Enter the number of days after which the subscription renewal is required for product listing in this special category.Enter ZERO for no renewal i.e. One time Fee.
<br><br>**Subscription Fee**: Enter the fee to be collected for each listed product in this special category. You can enter the fee with the default currency in your shop.
<br><br>**Category Images**:  Add some illustrative images to this special category. You can upload the images after reopening the special categories again. You can upload it after saving the item first to be able to add files or images.
<br><br>**Description**:  Full description of the special category you want to create. This will be displayed in the front-end details page of the product. You can change the style according to your need. The menu bar of the description consist of font style, alignment,formatting, Table etc.
<br><br>**Toggle editor**: The toggle editor is a section below the description part of the basic information of the product. The editor which helps you to edit the layout by using coding. This editor will help you to code in HTML and CSS language.By using the Toggle editor button gives the WYSIWYG interface, you can see the actual code that the WYSIWYG is creating while clicking the toggle editor after you type something on the Description.

2. **IN BADGE OPTIONS SECTION FOLLOWING FIELDS ARE:**
<br><br>**Badge Options**: Select badge options from icon and text, Whatever you want to show. You can choose badge icon and badge text. Badge icon is the icon to represent the product in front end with the icon form. Badge Text represent the text over the product in front end. When you click on the badge icon then upload badge icon will be shown. When you click on the Badge Text then text box of the badge text will be shown.
<br><br>**Badge Icon**:
<br><br>**Badge Icon**: Select badge icon. You can upload the icon upto maximum size 1 GB. You can upload the icon after reopening the special category.
<br><br>**Badge Text**:
<br><br>**Badge Text**:  Badge Text represent the text over the product in front end.
<br><br>**Text color**: Select text color for text icon option in this special category. The text color of the border text. You can select the color from the text box.
<br><br>**Border Width**: Select border style for the products in this special category. You can select the width number for the border for the created special category.
<br><br>**Border style**: Select Border style for the products in this special category.You can select the style from here.It can be dotted, double, solid etc. You can change the style of your border of the special category according to your choice.
<br><br>**Border color**: Select border color for the products in this special category. You can select the color of the border.
<br><br>**Background color**: Select Background color for the products in this special category. You can select the color for the background color of your border.

3. **IN STYLE OPTIONS SECTION FOLLOWING FIELDS ARE:**
<br><br>**Border Width**: Select border style for the products in this special category. You can select the width number for the border for the created special category.
<br><br>**Border style**: Select Border style for the products in this special category.You can select the style from here.It can be dotted, double, solid etc. You can change the style of your border of the special category according to your choice.
<br><br>**Border color**: Select border color for the products in this special category. You can select the color of the border.
<br><br>**Background color**: Select Background color for the products in this special category. You can select the color for the background color of your border.







